URL: https://camtech.edu.kh/bp/

Bachelor's Programs - CamTech University
Home
Bachelor’s Programs
Bachelor Degree Programs
CamTech currently offers the following degree programs:
AI and Data Science
Artificial Intelligence and Data Science is a new branch of study which deals with scientific methodologies, processes, tools and techniques drawn from different domains like statistics, cognitive science, computing and information science to extract knowledge from structured data and unstructured data. This knowledge is applied in making various intelligent decisions in business, health, industrial, agriculture, and educational applications. Artificial Intelligence and data science focuses on collecting, interpretting, categorizing, strategizing, analyzing and optmising data. It is a specialised branch that deals with the development of data driven solutions, data visualization tools and techniques to analyse big data meta data, complex image and video analysis. It also incorporates the concepts of machine learning (particularly, deep learning) model building for solving various computational and real world problems. It also includes, process optimisation and information fusion for decision making in order to enhance efficiency, productivity and reduce cost.
For more details
Architecture
Architecture has been defined differently throughout history, and its practice has always been shaped by the advancement of innovative technology. The beginning of the 21
century is no different. Technology such as Artificial Intelligence (AI) has been dominating every aspect of our built environment. CamTech’s Architecture Program is designed to equip students with skills to use the technology ethically, and the core of it is the smart Design Studio which encourages students to have in-depth understanding of building structures and critical issues in architectural design. Students will be able to immerse themselves in new cutting-edge technology in construction and produce more sustainable buildings for Cambodia and the world. The studies of architectural history, digital fabrication or the cities will prepare students well for a competitive job market locally and internationally. We empower students to use new digital tools (AI, data analysis, 3D modelling for design, virtual reality, etc.) to enable optimal design, sustainable architecture, and energy efficient safe environment. In addition, CamTech offers work-integrated learning experience to develop students’ employability, entrepreneurial, and leadership skills.
Business Intelligence
A Bachelor’s degree in Risk Management and Business Intelligence is a program that provides students with a comprehensive understanding of the intersection between business analytics, information technology, and risk management. The study combines theoretical concepts with practical applications in order to prepare students to analyse data and make informed decisions that mitigate business risks and improve organizational performance.
Students learn to develop risk management strategies, assess potential threats to businesses, evaluate financial risks, and analyse market trends. They also gain skills in data mining, statistical analysis, decision-making, database management, and software development. The program covers topics such as business intelligence, strategic management, enterprise risk management, fraud detection and prevention, cyber security, and compliance. Graduates can pursue careers in various industries, including finance, insurance, healthcare, government, and consulting firms.
Overall, a Bachelor’s degree in Risk Management and Business Intelligence provides students with a strong foundation in both technical and business skills, making them well-equipped to succeed in today’s data-driven business world.
Cyber Security
Security breaches, IoT security issues, ransomware, spam and phishing attack, and malware attacks are now everywhere. In this Cybersecurity program, you will learn how to protect yourself, your servers and your network from compromising data, cybercriminals, malicious and hackers, especially find the vulnerability in your system and gain a deep understanding of cyber-attack methods. Working with industry experts, you will learn the cybersecurity challenges of organisations, infrastructures, technologies, citizens, and national security. Engaging with a wide range of stakeholders, you will also understand the growing demands of the market, opportunities for entrepreneurship and leadership of national security.
Robotics and AI
Robotics and automation push productivity to new levels. Leaving your smart-home with the help of smart assistance on your phone, go to work in the agriculture fields that automatically water your plants and report back to your the nutrition in the soil. Smart industry production chain that provide efficiently working schedule and targets in each production lines for optimal output. Will you push it even further? Will you solve tomorrow’s challenges with innovation for economical growth of Cambodia and the world? The Robotics and Automation Engineering program is home to problem-solvers and independent thinkers. A community of creators with a drive to demand more from technology and from themselves with entrepreneur mindset. From electrical and electronics to mechatronics and robotics, students learn the complexity of automated systems used in the world of robotics and automation. It doesn’t stop there. An understanding of vision systems, networking, and software applications with smart decision making logic rounds out the experience.
Software Engineering
Software not only makes your computer hardware perform important tasks but can also help ensure the efficiency of the services/operations of every sector in your organization. Software engineering is the backbone of all software systems and focuses more on applying techniques that ensure the successful completion of a high-quality product. It incorporates the system architecture, logic, connections, algorithms, security, etc. This is the most appropriate major to develop your skills for design-based coding, mobile app development, website development, intelligent system development using AI, immersive (AR/VR) technology-based application development, secure application development, industry4.0-related application, and service-related software application development. Software engineering helps enhance the efficiency of services, increase the productivity of your business, and, in many cases, reduce production costs. Overall, software engineering is the heart of modern digital technology that will definitely help you find a career in almost every area of software development. CamTech offers work-integrated learning experience to ensure students’ employability, entrepreneurial and leadership skills.
No.
Majors of Study
Tuition Fee/year
4-year Tuition Fee
$4,000
$16,000
$3,500
$14,000
CamTech Street, Chroy Chongvar Satellite City, Sangkat Prektasek, Khan Chroy Chongvar, Phnom Penh, Cambodia
+855 78 21 21 81
+855
86 21 21 81
info@camtech.edu.kh
FACULTIES
Engineering
Arts, Humanities and Social Sciences
Business and Management
Applied Science
Built Environment
QUICK LINKS
How to Apply
Scholarships
School of Continuing Education
Sponsorship
Fast-Track Preparatory Programs
Jobs
Campus Life
© 2021 CamTech. All Rights Reserved
Loading
WHY CAMTECH
CamTech: AI University
STUDY
Prospectus
CAMTECH PROSPECTUS
Class of 2025 Graduation
International Students
Cultural exchange programs
Student exchange programs
Masters and PhD Programs
Sustainable Built Environment
Arts, Humanities And Social Sciences
Business And Management
SCHOOL OF CONTINUING EDUCATION​
Academic Calendar
Academic Calendar for graduate school
RESEARCH & INNOVATION
AI Forum
AI Forums
AI Seminar Series
AI Insights
Center for Buddhist AI Ethics
Centers
Comparative Education Society of Cambodia (CESCam)
Center for Social Innovation
China-ASEAN Studies Centre (CASC)
Cyber Security Network
Center For Applied Mathematics
Center For Socio-Economic Research
J7 Heritage Science Lab (J7 Lab)
Publications
CamTech University Press
Projects
Training/Workshops
Cyber Essentials
Conferences & Seminars
SKIMA
SKIMA – 2022
SKIMA – 2023
CESCam
CESCam – 2021
CESCam – 2023
CESCAM – 2025
iCMR 2023
COLLABORATION
University-Industry Linkage
CamTech-Industry Forum 1​
CamTech-Industry Forum 2
CamTech-Industry Forum 3
CamTech-Industry Forum 4
Industrial Partners
Educational Partners
Donors
Foundation Fund
Endowment Fund
ABOUT US
History
ACCREDITATION
The Board Of Trustees
Our People
Our Values
Message from the Chairman