URL: https://camtech.edu.kh/campus-life/

Campus Life - CamTech University
Home
Campus Life
November 21, 2024
2025-04-26 11:21
Vision
To cultivate an environment where students excel academically, professionally, and personally, by fostering inclusivity and support that empowers each individual to reach their maximum potential.
Mission
To enhance the student experience by offering a holistic range of services, designed to support academic achievements and personal development. This includes facilitating opportunities for involvement in extracurricular activities, promoting overall well-being, guiding career planning, and providing academic counseling.
University Sports Celebration and knowledge sharing
Theme I: Services & Support​
The Office of Student Affairs aims to offer accessible services during your time at CamTech University. Our range of student services includes academic and administrative support, student records, and financial assistance.
More Details
Theme II: Experience and Communities
CamTech’s campus is home to a diverse array of clubs and recreational activities. Whether you’re interested in sports, arts, technology, or community service, there are countless opportunities to get involved, develop new skills, and make lasting friendships.
Theme III: Accommodation
In collaboration with the Canadia Group, CamTech University offers modern and comfortable condominium accommodations for students. These condos provide a safe and welcoming environment, complete with essential amenities, ensuring a pleasant and convenient stay throughout your studies. The condos are conveniently located near the campus, and students can benefit from a special corporate rate, with additional subsidies provided by the university to make it more affordable.
Theme IV: Wellbeing​
University life is a transformative journey filled with academic challenges and personal growth. To support you through this process, we have mental health experts available.
Theme V: Student Code of Conduct ​
CamTech Street, Chroy Chongvar Satellite City, Sangkat Prektasek, Khan Chroy Chongvar, Phnom Penh, Cambodia
+855 78 21 21 81
+855
86 21 21 81
info@camtech.edu.kh
FACULTIES
Engineering
Arts, Humanities and Social Sciences
Business and Management
Applied Science
Built Environment
QUICK LINKS
How to Apply
Scholarships
School of Continuing Education
Sponsorship
Fast-Track Preparatory Programs
Jobs
© 2021 CamTech. All Rights Reserved
Loading
WHY CAMTECH
CamTech: AI University
STUDY
Prospectus
CAMTECH PROSPECTUS
Class of 2025 Graduation
International Students
Cultural exchange programs
Student exchange programs
Bachelor’s Programs
Masters and PhD Programs
Sustainable Built Environment
Arts, Humanities And Social Sciences
Business And Management
SCHOOL OF CONTINUING EDUCATION​
Academic Calendar
Academic Calendar for graduate school
RESEARCH & INNOVATION
AI Forum
AI Forums
AI Seminar Series
AI Insights
Center for Buddhist AI Ethics
Centers
Comparative Education Society of Cambodia (CESCam)
Center for Social Innovation
China-ASEAN Studies Centre (CASC)
Cyber Security Network
Center For Applied Mathematics
Center For Socio-Economic Research
J7 Heritage Science Lab (J7 Lab)
Publications
CamTech University Press
Projects
Training/Workshops
Cyber Essentials
Conferences & Seminars
SKIMA
SKIMA – 2022
SKIMA – 2023
CESCam
CESCam – 2021
CESCam – 2023
CESCAM – 2025
iCMR 2023
COLLABORATION
University-Industry Linkage
CamTech-Industry Forum 1​
CamTech-Industry Forum 2
CamTech-Industry Forum 3
CamTech-Industry Forum 4
Industrial Partners
Educational Partners
Donors
Foundation Fund
Endowment Fund
ABOUT US
History
ACCREDITATION
The Board Of Trustees
Our People
Our Values
Message from the Chairman