URL: https://camtech.edu.kh/engineering-2/

Engineering - CamTech University
Home
Engineering
Faculty Of Engineering
“ Engineering in the 21st century is much different from what it used to be. Today, it requires adjusting to the fast-paced world and keeping up with development.” __Anastasia Moore.
Engineering has played an important role in our real-world innovation. At CamTech, we aim to provide our students with the best learning experience through the integration of scientific theories with project-based learning to solve real-world problems and create innovative entrepreneurial solutions that benefit humanity .
Mission
Educate engineers
: combining strong technical knowledge with a holistic, social conscience, incorporating the principles of system approach engineering with values such as community-centered knowledge to ensure engineering focus on sustainable development of society.
Engage in research: learning through collaboration with industry, which is enhanced by external funding and collaboration and contribution of high-quality graduate students.
Pursuit for entrepreneurship
: providing the opportunities in our research, infrastructure, resource and learning to ensure maximum impact throughout the community and beyond.
Pursuit for engineering knowledge that will serve our communities
: through the practical application of engineering designs and products development by fought-year engineering students’ project based study.
Learning Objectives
To promote an entrepreneurial spirit and to consider the option of setting up a company as an employment opportunity
Development of entrepreneurial skills and use of tools that equip people to work in an entrepreneurial project
Essential knowledge for those interested in managing their own business
VISION
The Faculty of Engineering will strive to be a dynamic center of
ngineering, innovation and creativity dedicated to teaching, lifelong learning, professionalism, research, entrepreneurship and partnership with local and global to grantee Cambodia’s future prosperity.
VALUE
Professionalism, Exellence, Intergrity and Innovation
FRAMEWORK
The program of the Faculty of Engineering (FENG) aims to continue from the foundation year to strengthen student general knowledge of various fields, such mathematics, science, arts, humanities, in addition to their specialization. To ensure the objective of FENG, a Connected Curriculum Framework will be adopted for program in faculty.
contact
Dr. May Thu
Dean of Engineering
admissions@camtech.edu.kh
+855 78 212 181 (Telegram)
+855 86 212 181 (Telegram)
FACULTY OF ENGINEERING INTERCONNECTED CURRICULUM FRAMEWORK
Students connected with researchers and within the institute’s research:
inviting students to connect with research at the start of the foundation year program to the end of their program in each major. Researchers are also encouraged to mentor students in the area of their research.
A throughout of research activities is built into each programme:
each programme of study is designed in such a way that students experience a connected sequence of learning activities and empower them, step by step using researching method of inquiry.
Students make connections across subjects and out to the world:
provide a platform for students to learn with other students and scholars including and from  outside of their main subject field.
Students connected academic learning with workplace learning:
internship will be part of curriculum for every academic year. Students are encouraged to do their internship in university research groups, startups and outside related firms.
Students learn to produce outputs-assessment directed at an audience:
student’s work is not only being assessed by other students and faculty members,  the international and local community will also participate in the process. Students are encouraged to engage in digital communication skills.
Students connected with each other across phases and with alumni:
program allows students to connect with each other across discipline and with alumni. Peer mentoring and students club body will be important for faculty academic programs and activities.
PROGRAM STRUCTURE OF BACHELOR OF ENGINEERING
The 4-Year Bachelor’s  Degree program
contains 156 credits combining from 106 credits of coursework, 48 credits of internship and 2 credits of Industrial Placement Report. The courses are divided into three categories, including Common Courses, Specialized Courses, and Elective Courses.
No.
Course
Number of Course
Hours
Credit
Common courses
330
Specialized courses
1,260
Elective courses
360
-   9 internships (1st, 2nd and 3rd year)
-   3 full-time internships/ Industrial Placements in the 4th year at the industry = 30 credits*
2,160
Industrial placement for whole 4th year and thesis defence
---
STUDY PATHWAY
Graduated
Grade 12
Year 1
Foundation Program
Theoretical & creativity
Course work
Internship
Year 2
Initial Career Program
Year 3
Semi Career Pathway
Practical, creativity & Innovation
Year 4
Career-Ready Pathway
Professional, creativity & Innovation
Job Placement
Engineering thesis
Bachelor of Engineering
STRUCTURE OF THE PROFESSIONAL DOPLOMA PROGRAM
The Professional Diploma Program (PDP)
at Cambodia University of Technology and Science (CamTech) is designed for a career-focused, accomplished associate degree or the equivalent. Student enrolled in the Professional Diploma will elevate their focus expertise  to a professional level and learn critical skills in entrepreneurship, freelancing work, and other business-related skills. PDP provides a passway to a full bachelor’s program after students complete the program and fulfill the requirements for their chosen major. Students enrolled in this program will identify a focus area that complements their major area studies and supports the development of their professional goals. This program gives students the opportunity to deepen and expand their readiness to enter and be leaders within ever-changing specialties by broadening their skill sets and access to a variety of techniques ready for work. Their coursework will prepare them to engage in repertoire planning that demands more diversity in programming, addressing current needs and gaps in the professional world. The program includes a career-focused seminar, core coursework, and student-selected job placement learning, in addition to private lessons, large ensembles, and elective courses. The 2-year Professional Diploma program contains 80 credits combining 70 credits of specialized coursework and 12 credits of internship and 4 credits for the final diploma project report.
Number of Credit
Internship in industrial  including year 1-2
Diploma project report
STUDY PATHWAY OF PROFESSIONAL DIPLOMA
Unsuccessful
Initial Career Pathway
Practical Course work
Internship align with placement
Skill-Specific Pathway
Professional diploma report
Professional Diploma
Robotics & Automation Engineering
Robotics and Automation Engineering
Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence
Cyber Security
Data Science and Artificial Intelligence Engineering
Software Engineering
FinTech and Digital Banking
Apply for Admissions
Please register with us today to get a world-class education with affordable fees at your doorstep. We are accepting national and international applicants with any background.
Apply now
Do you need more information?
Contact us anytime.
CamTech Street, Chroy Chongvar Satellite City, Sangkat Prektasek, Khan Chroy Chongvar, Phnom Penh, Cambodia
+855 78 21 21 81
+855
86 21 21 81
info@camtech.edu.kh
FACULTIES
Arts, Humanities and Social Sciences
Business and Management
Applied Science
Built Environment
QUICK LINKS
How to Apply
Scholarships
School of Continuing Education
Sponsorship
Fast-Track Preparatory Programs
Jobs
Campus Life
© 2021 CamTech. All Rights Reserved
Loading
WHY CAMTECH
CamTech: AI University
STUDY
Prospectus
CAMTECH PROSPECTUS
Class of 2025 Graduation
International Students
Cultural exchange programs
Student exchange programs
Bachelor’s Programs
Masters and PhD Programs
Sustainable Built Environment
Arts, Humanities And Social Sciences
Business And Management
SCHOOL OF CONTINUING EDUCATION​
Academic Calendar
Academic Calendar for graduate school
RESEARCH & INNOVATION
AI Forum
AI Forums
AI Seminar Series
AI Insights
Center for Buddhist AI Ethics
Centers
Comparative Education Society of Cambodia (CESCam)
Center for Social Innovation
China-ASEAN Studies Centre (CASC)
Cyber Security Network
Center For Applied Mathematics
Center For Socio-Economic Research
J7 Heritage Science Lab (J7 Lab)
Publications
CamTech University Press
Projects
Training/Workshops
Cyber Essentials
Conferences & Seminars
SKIMA
SKIMA – 2022
SKIMA – 2023
CESCam
CESCam – 2021
CESCam – 2023
CESCAM – 2025
iCMR 2023
COLLABORATION
University-Industry Linkage
CamTech-Industry Forum 1​
CamTech-Industry Forum 2
CamTech-Industry Forum 3
CamTech-Industry Forum 4
Industrial Partners
Educational Partners
Donors
Foundation Fund
Endowment Fund
ABOUT US
History
ACCREDITATION
The Board Of Trustees
Our People
Our Values
Message from the Chairman