URL: https://camtech.edu.kh/industrial-partners/

Industrial Partner​ - CamTech University
Home
Industrial Partner​
December 27, 2022
2023-12-15 9:36
Industrial Partner
Canadia Bank
Canadia Bank was started in 1991 with a single mission – to be Cambodia’s best bank. In the early days, Canadia Bank gave its focusses to provide Cambodians with key fundamental banking services for a growing nation. With over $6.5B in assets, Canadia Bank is now focussing on expanding digital offerings and next-generation banking services. The bank looks forward to a future where banking is accessible to all Cambodians, everywhere.
ISI Group
From humble beginnings as a small, family-run business, ISI Group is one of Cambodia’s most respected, successful and diversified corporations. With more than 20 years’ experience, our companies lead markets across the building, construction and technology sectors. ISI’s CSR programs promote positive social change through four key areas: Education, Healthcare, Sports and Housing.
Chip Mong Group
Chip Mong Group takes pride in being one of the corporations in Cambodia that has achieved remarkable growth over the last four decades. Chip Mong has attained prominence as a leader in many fields such as the production of beer and non-alcoholic beverages, construction materials, concrete, roof tiles, cement, consumer products, property development and banking. Chip Mong also continues to explore opportunities to expand their business through hospitality, hotels, the retail sector and much more.
Huawei Technologies (Cambodia)
Founded in 1987, Huawei is a leading global provider of information and communications technology (ICT) infrastructure and smart devices. Huawei has approximately 195,000 employees and operates in over 170 countries and regions, serving more than three billion people around the world.
Mega Asset Management
Established in 2008, Mega Asset Management Co., Ltd is a consultancy company in Cambodia, specialized in real estate development. It manages over commercial and residential building, hotel, hospitality, industrial parks and more. Real estate projects under Mega Asset Management’s name include Diamond Island City, Olympia City and Chroy Changvar Satellite City to name a few.
Federation of Khmer-Chinese in Cambodia
The Association of Khmer-Chinese in Cambodia is a representative body for the estimated 700,000 Cambodians of Chinese extraction living in the Kingdom.
Techo Startup Center
Techo Startup Center was established with the mission to nurture startups to grow into successful business by enhancing talents’ entrepreneurship and innovative capabilities through well-supported programs. The Center also provides mentorship, links to investors, technical assistance related to prototyping and research labs, as well as, training program related to entrepreneurship, business development, pitching and marketing strategy.
Khmer Enterprise
Khmer Enterprise is established as an implementation unit of Entrepreneurship Development Fund. It aims to mobilize, invest and manage resources, from all legitimate sources, to support the development of a vibrant entrepreneurial ecosystem and to provide financial and non-financial supports to related entrepreneurial ecosystem builders.
Impact Hub Phnom Penh
Impact Hub Phnom Penh is part of the larger Impact Hub global network which exists in over 100 locations around the world, sharing the common mission to support and develop social enterprises. Impact Hub Phnom Penh engages with various stakeholders (youth, entrepreneurs, NGOs, private sector and government) to build a holistic entrepreneurship ecosystem and contribute to the Sustainable Development Goals.
Koh Pich Construction Company (KPCC) ​
Established in 2016, Koh Pich Construction Company (KPCC) is a business division of Diamond Island Development Company Co., Ltd. KPCC has been playing a vital role in designing and building some construction projects within the Canadia Group  and providing its customers with construction-related services as consultancy​, feasibility study and design.
Chroy Changvar Satellite City (CCV)
The Chroy Changvar project is situated on the left-hand side of the east coast of Phnom Penh, next to the Chroy Changvar Bridge, which is the only way Phnom Penh can access the northern and north-eastern regions of Cambodia. This location is ideal for dispersing the population of Phnom Penh’s central area. the Chroy Changvar project covers an area of about 200 hectares. It is intended to be a contemporary urban complex in Phnom Penh that mixes shopping, dining, and leisure with culture, massive commercial centers, walking streets, office buildings, residential townhouses and villas.
Teng Lay Group
Founded in 1996 as an import-export and transportation company in Cambodia, Teng Lay Group now includes Teng Lay Import Export and Transport Co., Ltd, and Teng Lay Dry Port which operates in Phnom Penh and Bavet. Teng Lay Group is the B2B partner with more than 300 companies across Cambodia, providing services for inland transportation, customs clearance and brokerage, warehousing and supply chain, container modification, and international freight.
Khmum Technologies
Khmum Technology Co. Ltd is a software company that specializes in e-commerce and point of sales (POS) solution. Its product, Khmum eShop, is an e-commerce platform which sells Cambodian products. Khmum envisions high-quality Cambodian products appearing in storeshelves abroad.
Drone Khmer Technology
Lyly Food Industry
Ly Ly Food Industry Co., Ltd. was established in May 2002, with the main focus on manufacturing and selling rice crackers, snacks, and dried fruits and vegetable. Originally beginning with just 20 employees, the company’s workforce has now risen to 250. The company’s business has expanded to international markets to countries in Asia, Europe, North America and Australia.
Cambodia Women Entrepreneur Association
The Cambodia Women Entrepreneurs Association (CWEA) started in 2011 with the vision to support the growth of women-owned businesses in Cambodia. Members of the association consist of more than 500 women entrepreneurs who employ approximately 15,000 workers. CWEA provides a platform for women in business to bring issues to the attention of the government, business community, private companies, the public and media for the purpose of improving the business environment.
Khun Sea Development Group
Khun Sea Development Group is a privat limited company specialized in real estate development
Dynamics
The Dynamic Group has over 25 years of experience with providing wide area of specialty solutions, including technology, pharmaceuticals, healthcare, agro seed and agrochemicals, laboratory, medical hospital, homecare, and construction and industrial chemicals
HMM International Co. LTD
Angkor Social Innovation Park
Angkor Social Innovation Park is a non-profit entity affiliated independent body of the Asian Vision Institute (AVI), that aims to develop knowledge on social innovation and provide sustainable and innovative solutions to local Cambodian enterprises.
Jobify
Jobify is a job matching service, specialized in IT field. The service helps to match IT job seekers with prospective employers and vice versa. With the use of artificial intelligence, the platform helps to find jobs which best match the skills and experiences of the IT job seekers.
CamTech Street, Chroy Chongvar Satellite City, Sangkat Prektasek, Khan Chroy Chongvar, Phnom Penh, Cambodia
+855 78 21 21 81
+855
86 21 21 81
info@camtech.edu.kh
FACULTIES
Engineering
Arts, Humanities and Social Sciences
Business and Management
Applied Science
Built Environment
QUICK LINKS
How to Apply
Scholarships
School of Continuing Education
Sponsorship
Fast-Track Preparatory Programs
Jobs
Campus Life
© 2021 CamTech. All Rights Reserved
Loading
WHY CAMTECH
CamTech: AI University
STUDY
Prospectus
CAMTECH PROSPECTUS
Class of 2025 Graduation
International Students
Cultural exchange programs
Student exchange programs
Bachelor’s Programs
Masters and PhD Programs
Sustainable Built Environment
Arts, Humanities And Social Sciences
Business And Management
SCHOOL OF CONTINUING EDUCATION​
Academic Calendar
Academic Calendar for graduate school
RESEARCH & INNOVATION
AI Forum
AI Forums
AI Seminar Series
AI Insights
Center for Buddhist AI Ethics
Centers
Comparative Education Society of Cambodia (CESCam)
Center for Social Innovation
China-ASEAN Studies Centre (CASC)
Cyber Security Network
Center For Applied Mathematics
Center For Socio-Economic Research
J7 Heritage Science Lab (J7 Lab)
Publications
CamTech University Press
Projects
Training/Workshops
Cyber Essentials
Conferences & Seminars
SKIMA
SKIMA – 2022
SKIMA – 2023
CESCam
CESCam – 2021
CESCam – 2023
CESCAM – 2025
iCMR 2023
COLLABORATION
University-Industry Linkage
CamTech-Industry Forum 1​
CamTech-Industry Forum 2
CamTech-Industry Forum 3
CamTech-Industry Forum 4
Industrial Partners
Educational Partners
Donors
Foundation Fund
Endowment Fund
ABOUT US
History
ACCREDITATION
The Board Of Trustees
Our People
Our Values
Message from the Chairman