URL: https://camtech.edu.kh/school-of-continuing-education/

SCHOOL OF CONTINUING EDUCATION​ - CamTech University
Home
SCHOOL OF CONTINUING EDUCATION​
School of Continuing Education
The School of Continuing Education (SCE) aims to empower lifelong learners and creates a lifelong learning society in Cambodia.
We design training courses and programs that focus on practical applications, workplace relevance, and development of forward-thinking ability to thrive in future uncertainty. On top of that, the School of Continuing Education functions as a school within CamTech providing short-term skills training and professional development programs to grow individuals’ knowledge and proficiency with university-level education but without the time and cost commitment of a full degree. We also work closely with both public and private sectors to design on-trend and competency-based curricula that equip you with marketable qualification and expertise to meet current demand for skills and give you the competitive edge at workplace.
The 21st century is characterized by rapid change in science and technology, but with it, come the necessity to frequently adjust to the prerequisite of knowledge otherwise individual current set of skills will be deemed obsolete in a fairly short period. To CamTech, there is no such notion as finished education, but we also believe that adult education per se should not be limited only to formal academic degree. In addition, each individual has different pace of learning and attention interval. For this reason, individuals should be allowed for flexibility in their own appropriate learning styles.
contact
admissions@camtech.edu.kh
+855 78 212 181 (Telegram)
+855 86 212 181 (Telegram)
Professional Short Courses
Professional Certificate in Teaching Methods
Unlock the door to a future-ready classroom with our groundbreaking Professional Teaching Courses on Professional Teaching Methodology. Crafted in collaboration between CamTech University and Phnom Penh Teacher Education College, these dynamic courses promise to revolutionize your teaching approach and empower you with the tools needed to excel in the digital age.
For more details
Mastering Digital Skills for Business Success
Transform your business operations and drive success in today’s dynamic marketplace with our
comprehensive course “Mastering Digital Skills for Business Success.” This is a comprehensive course
designed to empower business owners with the necessary digital skills to excel in today’s competitive
market. The course covers Computer Proficiency for Business and Office Practice, Cloud Collaboration
Solutions, Digital Design and Development Strategy, and Basics of Data Analysis for Business. Participants
will learn to create impactful documents, engaging presentations, and digital content creativity. With
practical exercises and real-world applications, this program ensures a thorough understanding of key digital
tools for business owners, helping them to automate their daily operations, enhance collaboration, and
leverage digital tools for success in the modern business landscape.
Mastering Business Resilience and Data-Driven Decisions
The Mastering Business Resilience and Data-Driven Decisions program equips business owners with strategic
risk management skills and data analytics expertise to navigate dynamic business environments and make
informed decisions. Through this comprehensive course, participants will learn to identify, assess, and mitigate
strategic risks, as well as collect, analyze, and visualize business data to drive growth and success. By the end
of the program, business owners will be empowered to build resilient businesses and make data-driven
decisions.
Artificial Intelligence (AI)
Cyber Security
Cybersecurity
Data Science
Internet of Things (IoT)
Robotics
Research method and project management
Science and engineering
Statistics and data analysis
CamTech Street, Chroy Chongvar Satellite City, Sangkat Prektasek, Khan Chroy Chongvar, Phnom Penh, Cambodia
+855 78 21 21 81
+855
86 21 21 81
info@camtech.edu.kh
FACULTIES
Engineering
Arts, Humanities and Social Sciences
Business and Management
Applied Science
Built Environment
QUICK LINKS
How to Apply
Scholarships
Sponsorship
Fast-Track Preparatory Programs
Jobs
Campus Life
© 2021 CamTech. All Rights Reserved
Loading
WHY CAMTECH
CamTech: AI University
STUDY
Prospectus
CAMTECH PROSPECTUS
Class of 2025 Graduation
International Students
Cultural exchange programs
Student exchange programs
Bachelor’s Programs
Masters and PhD Programs
Sustainable Built Environment
Arts, Humanities And Social Sciences
Business And Management
Academic Calendar
Academic Calendar for graduate school
RESEARCH & INNOVATION
AI Forum
AI Forums
AI Seminar Series
AI Insights
Center for Buddhist AI Ethics
Centers
Comparative Education Society of Cambodia (CESCam)
Center for Social Innovation
China-ASEAN Studies Centre (CASC)
Cyber Security Network
Center For Applied Mathematics
Center For Socio-Economic Research
J7 Heritage Science Lab (J7 Lab)
Publications
CamTech University Press
Projects
Training/Workshops
Cyber Essentials
Conferences & Seminars
SKIMA
SKIMA – 2022
SKIMA – 2023
CESCam
CESCam – 2021
CESCam – 2023
CESCAM – 2025
iCMR 2023
COLLABORATION
University-Industry Linkage
CamTech-Industry Forum 1​
CamTech-Industry Forum 2
CamTech-Industry Forum 3
CamTech-Industry Forum 4
Industrial Partners
Educational Partners
Donors
Foundation Fund
Endowment Fund
ABOUT US
History
ACCREDITATION
The Board Of Trustees
Our People
Our Values
Message from the Chairman