URL: https://camtech.edu.kh/student-exchange-programs/

Student Exchange Programs - CamTech University
Home
Student Exchange Programs
December 24, 2025
2026-02-20 15:58
Welcome International Student!
Dear international scholars and students!
"It is with great pleasure that I extend a warm welcome to each of you as you embark on your educational journey with Cambodia University of Technology and Science (CamTech) – a university founded with internationalization at the heart of its mission. As the Founding President, I am thrilled to see the CamTech community expanding both regionally and internationally, and I trust that the university will provide you with rich opportunities for learning, growth, and development that you are seeking.
In just five years, CamTech has grown from a few dozen students to a vibrant community of over 500, offering key programs in science, technology, and innovation. The university combines academic rigor with real-world impact, preparing you not only for a career but for a meaningful life.
The world is moving fast. Artificial intelligence, smart systems, robotics, energy innovation, and advanced technologies are shaping our collective future. At CamTech, we embrace these developments with curiosity, ethical responsibilities, and an interdisciplinary mindset. By joining CamTech, you are becoming part of not just a university but a dynamic and supportive community committed to innovation and positive change.
I hope that your time at CamTech will provide moments for reflection and exploration, as well as academic rigor. In recent months, I have explored topics extending beyond technology alone—AI for peace, ethical frameworks for AI governance, Buddhist perspectives on technology, and digital literacy for youth and adults in developing countries. These reflections inform CamTech’s interdisciplinary approach to education, research, and innovation.
If I were to summarize CamTech in three words, they would be Job, Life, and Planet. Our mission is simple yet ambitious: to cultivate graduates who can work with purpose, live with integrity, and contribute meaningfully to society and the planet.
I encourage you to explore what CamTech has to offer. Visit our campus, speak with our students, and listen to their experiences. Engage with our faculty and staff, whose dedication is centered on helping students flourish intellectually, ethically, and personally – in body, mind, heart, and spirit. If you are ready for transformation, our vibrant and supportive community is here to help you realize your full potential. CamTech is your platform to dream big, learn deeply, and make a difference.
Welcome to CamTech. Welcome to your future.
Prof. Dr. Sothy KHIENG
Founding president
General Information
Course catalogue
Academic Calendar
Accommodation
Application & Visa Process
Health insurance & medical
Grading System
International Student Guidebook
2026
2025
2024
2023
Cultural exchange program: Universitas Multimedia Nusantara, Indonesia
International exchange program: Windesheim University of Applied Science, Netherlands
Cultural exchange program: Ma Chung University, Indonesia
Cultural exchange program: YSEALI, US
Global Undergraduate Program (Global UGRAD Program)
Exchange program: Acsenda School of Management, Canada
Cultural exchange program: Ohio University, US
Student Exchange Program at Universitas Multimedia Nusantara (UMN), Indonesia
Cultural exchange program: Universitas Merdeka Malang, Indonesia
Cultural exchange program: Jiangsu College of Engineering and Technology, China
CamTech Street, Chroy Chongvar Satellite City, Sangkat Prektasek, Khan Chroy Chongvar, Phnom Penh, Cambodia
+855 78 21 21 81
+855
86 21 21 81
info@camtech.edu.kh
FACULTIES
Engineering
Arts, Humanities and Social Sciences
Business and Management
Applied Science
Built Environment
QUICK LINKS
How to Apply
Scholarships
School of Continuing Education
Sponsorship
Fast-Track Preparatory Programs
Jobs
Campus Life
© 2021 CamTech. All Rights Reserved
Loading
WHY CAMTECH
CamTech: AI University
STUDY
Prospectus
CAMTECH PROSPECTUS
Class of 2025 Graduation
International Students
Cultural exchange programs
Student exchange programs
Bachelor’s Programs
Masters and PhD Programs
Sustainable Built Environment
Arts, Humanities And Social Sciences
Business And Management
SCHOOL OF CONTINUING EDUCATION​
Academic Calendar for graduate school
RESEARCH & INNOVATION
AI Forum
AI Forums
AI Seminar Series
AI Insights
Center for Buddhist AI Ethics
Centers
Comparative Education Society of Cambodia (CESCam)
Center for Social Innovation
China-ASEAN Studies Centre (CASC)
Cyber Security Network
Center For Applied Mathematics
Center For Socio-Economic Research
J7 Heritage Science Lab (J7 Lab)
Publications
CamTech University Press
Projects
Training/Workshops
Cyber Essentials
Conferences & Seminars
SKIMA
SKIMA – 2022
SKIMA – 2023
CESCam
CESCam – 2021
CESCam – 2023
CESCAM – 2025
iCMR 2023
COLLABORATION
University-Industry Linkage
CamTech-Industry Forum 1​
CamTech-Industry Forum 2
CamTech-Industry Forum 3
CamTech-Industry Forum 4
Industrial Partners
Educational Partners
Donors
Foundation Fund
Endowment Fund
ABOUT US
History
ACCREDITATION
The Board Of Trustees
Our People
Our Values
Message from the Chairman